manifest: pull Matter Wi-Fi network diagnostics implementation (#9625)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Matter
------

* Added:

>   * Support for Wi-Fi Network Diagnostic Custer (the counts for the number of packets received and transmitted on the Wi-Fi interface)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Support for Wi-Fi Network Diagnostic Cluster (which counts the number of packets received and transmitted on the Wi-Fi interface).
```
